hi this is presto occur in this video
I'm going to teach you how you can
remember the 9 times table on your
fingers to begin place your two hands in
front of you and think about numbering
the fingers from 1 to 10
starting with your left hand let's do an
example of 7 times 9 count over to the
seventh finger which is the index finger
on your right hand and Bend that finger
to do the calculation we count the
number of fingers to the left of the
bent finger and to the right there are 6
fingers to the left of the bent finger
and there are 3 fingers to the right 7
times 9 is therefore 63 this is a great
trick and will in fact show you how you
can do this for all of the times tables
from 1 to 10 for 1 times 9 will Bend the
first finger on our left hand now we
count the number of fingers there are
zero fingers to the left of the bent
finger and nine fingers to the right so
1 times 9 is 9 4 2 times 9 we Bend the
second finger there's one finger to the
left and 8 fingers to the right to make
18 3 times 9 we bend the third finger we
have 2 to the left and 7 on the right to
make 27 4 times 9 will have 3 on the
left 6 on the right to make 36 5 times 9
will have 4 and 5 to make 45 6 times 9
has 5 and 4 to make 54 7 times a 9 is 6
and 3 63 8 times 9 will be 7 and 2 72 9
times 9 is 8 181
and finally nine times ten will have
nine fingers to the left and zero
fingers stood right to make 90 so we've
done the entire nines tables using just
our hands and counting the number of
fingers so now you'll never forget your
nines table I hope you like this video
please subscribe to my channel I make
videos on math and game theory you can
get my books on math there's a link in
the video description you can catch
around my blog mind your decisions which
you can follow on Facebook Google+ and
patreon you can also catch me on a bunch
of social media sites thanks for
watching